Custom plugin documentation (#1222)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/custom-plugins/custom-config.md

> ## Configuration in plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configuration in plugins
```

> Plugins can include configuration, under the `configs` key. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can bundle rule configurations under the `configs` key in your plugin code. These configurations are
```

> useful when your plugin declares multiple rules or decorators, and you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useful when you declare multiple rules or decorators in your plugin, and you want to
```

define within the plugin how to combine them.  Each plugin can have multiple

> bundles of configuration, and the user can use any of them in their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bundles of rule configurations, and the user can use any of them in their
```

configuration file.

> Here's an example of configuration in a plugin, defining two bundles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example plugin configuration, defining two rule bundles:
```

```js
module.exports = {
  id: 'my-local-plugin'
  configs: {
    all: {
      rules: {
        'operation-id-not-test': 'error',
        'boolean-parameter-prefixes': 'error',
      },
    },
    minimal: {
      rules: {
        'operation-id-not-test': 'off',
        'boolean-parameter-prefixes': 'error',
      },
    }
  }
};
```

> With the example plugin above id as `my-local-plugin`, the `all` and `minimal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example, the plugin id is `my-local-plugin` and the `all` and `minimal` rule
```

> configurations become available in the user's configuration file as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations are available in the user's configuration file as
```

`"my-local-plugin/all"` and `"my-local-plugin/minimal"`, respectively. Use

> these configurations by adding them under `extends:` in `redocly.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these configurations by adding them under `extends:` in your `redocly.yaml` configuration file.
```

```yaml
extends:
  - my-local-plugin/all
```

> Plugins can include rules, decorators and preprocessors in their configuration bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins can include rules, decorators, and preprocessors in their configuration bundles.
```

:::info Rulesets

If your configuration includes only Redocly built-in rules and decorators, try

> using a [ruleset](..//rules.md#rulesets) to achieve this (it's simpler than a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using a [ruleset](../rules.md#rulesets) to achieve this (it's simpler than a
```
?
